Expand detail around the integer values of enum types (#113)
zeek/zeek-docs: script-reference/types.rst

    type color: enum { Red, White, Blue, };

The last comma after ``Blue`` is optional.  Both the type name ``color``
and the individual values (``Red``, etc. -- not ``color::Red``) have
global scope.

> Enumerations may assign :zeek:type:`count` values explicitly:

Reviewer: Note: there's not test for this currently.

Reviewer 2: This test has them explicitly assigned: https://github.com/zeek/zeek/blob/master/testing/btest/bifs/enum_to_int.zeek

Reviewer: Nothing in the BTest baselines currently has the error string if one uses e.g., a negative integer (`enumerator is not a count constant`). This is hard to test for in general though 🤷 .

Reviewer 2: Ahh I see the distinction now, thanks

.. code-block:: zeek

    type color: enum { Red = 10, White = 20, Blue = 30 };

Without explicit assignment, Zeek numbers enumerations sequentially starting
from 0. You may not mix explicit and implicit assignment.

The only operations allowed on enumerations are equality comparisons (``==``,
``!=``) and assignment (``=``). Enumerations do not automatically yield their
values or provide ordering (neither ``Red == 10`` nor ``Red < White`` works),
but the :zeek:see:`enum_to_int` BIF lets you retrieve an enumeration's numeric

> values if you require such logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value if you require such logic.
```

.. note::

>    We recommend using explicit value assignment when relying on numeric values,
>    since it avoids surprises when enumerations are :zeek:keyword:`redef`'d in
>    multiple scripts.

Reviewer: _Surprises_ hints that there is potential for sinister stuff to happen, maybe instead spell out the benefits, e.g., something like

```suggestion
   We recommend using explicit value assignment when relying on numeric values
   to provide defined semantics for conversions to integers with :zeek:keyword:`enum_to_int`.
```

Author: Thanks! I've reworded in the subsequent force-push to spell out the problem.
